Add Produktly source docs (#7773)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/cloud-apps/produktly/index.md

2. Search for "Produktly" in the Sources Catalog, select Produktly, and click **Add Source**.
3. On the next screen, give the Source a name configure any other settings.

   - The name is used as a label in the Segment app, and Segment creates a related schema name in your warehouse. The name can be anything, but we recommend using something that reflects the source itself and distinguishes amongst your environments (eg. SourceName_Prod, SourceName_Staging, SourceName_Dev).

4. Click **Add Source** to save your settings.
5. Copy the Write key from the Segment UI.
6. Log in to your Produktly account - navigate to [Integrations](https://produktly.com/app/integrations){:target="_blank”}
7. Click on "Segment"
8. Paste the write key in the "Segment write key" field
9. Click on "Activate"

## Stream 

Produktly uses our stream Source component to send Segment event data. It uses a server-side `track` method to send data to Segment. These events are then available in any destination that accepts server-side events, and available in a schema in your data warehouse, so you can query using SQL.

> Produktly will pass the associated userId when you are using [the identifyUser feature](https://produktly.com/docs/docs/integration/identify-users){:target="_blank”}. If the user is not identified then a Produktly generated UUID will be used instead, this UUID will stay the same for the user as long as they are using the same browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Produktly passes the associated userId when you're using [the identifyUser feature](https://produktly.com/docs/docs/integration/identify-users){:target="_blank”}. If the user is not identified then a Produktly generated UUID will be used instead. This UUID will stay the same for the user as long as they are using the same browser.
```

| `Tour Start`                  | Tour was started by user                    | 
| `Tour Auto Start`             | Tour was automatically started              |       
| `Tour Continue`               | Tour was continued by user                  |     
| `Tour Finish`                 | Tour was finished by user                   |   
| `Tour Step`                   | User saw a specific step of a tour          | 
| `Checklist Step Completed`    | User completed a step of a checklist        |               
| `Checklist Finished`          | User completed all the steps in a checklist |         
| `Smart Tip Available`         | Smart tip was available for user            |           
| `Smart Tip Open`              | Smart tip was opened                        |     
| `Announcement Shown`          | Announcement was shown to user              |         
| `Announcement Action Clicked` | User clicked on announcement action         |                   
| `Announcement Closed`         | Announcement was closed by user             |           
| `Nps Widget Shown`            | NPS widget was shown to user                |       

## Event Properties

> The table below list the properties included in the events listed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the list of event properties.
```

#### Tour Available

| Property Name     | Description              |
| ----------------- | ------------------------ |
| `tour_id`          | Id of the tour           |

#### Tour Start

| Property Name     | Description              |
| ----------------- | ------------------------ |
| `tour_id`          | Id of the tour           |

#### Tour Auto Start

| Property Name     | Description              |
| ----------------- | ------------------------ |
| `tour_id`          | Id of the tour           |

#### Tour Continue

| Property Name     | Description              |
| ----------------- | ------------------------ |
| `tour_id`          | Id of the tour           |

#### Tour Finish

> 
> | Property Name     | Description              |
> | ----------------- | ------------------------ |
> | `tour_id`          | Id of the tour           |
> 
> #### Tour Step
> 
> | Property Name     | Description              |
> | ----------------- | ------------------------ |
> | `tour_id`          | Id of the tour           |
> | `metadata`        | Object that contains `stepIndex` of the tour that was viewed, and `type` either "next" or "previous" telling whether the user moved forward or backwards | 
> 
> #### Checklist Step Completed
> 
> | Property Name     | Description              |
> | ----------------- | ------------------------ |
> | `checklist_id`     | Id of the checklist      |
> | `metadata`        | Object that contains `stepId` of the checklist that was completed | 
> 
> #### Checklist Finished
> 
> | Property Name     | Description              |
> | ----------------- | ------------------------ |
> | `checklist_id`     | Id of the checklist      |
> 
> #### Smart Tip Available
> 
> | Property Name     | Description              |
> | ----------------- | ------------------------ |
> | `smart_tip_id`      | Id of the smart tip      |
> 
> #### Smart Tip Open
> 
> | Property Name     | Description              |
> | ----------------- | ------------------------ |
> | `smart_tip_id`      | Id of the smart tip      |
> 
> #### Announcement Shown
> 
> | Property Name     | Description              |
> | ----------------- | ------------------------ |
> | `announcement_id`  | Id of the announcement   |
> 
> #### Announcement Action Clicked
> 
> | Property Name     | Description              |
> | ----------------- | ------------------------ |
> | `announcement_id`  | Id of the announcement   |
> 
> #### Announcement Closed
> 
> | Property Name     | Description              |
> | ----------------- | ------------------------ |
> | `announcement_id`  | Id of the announcement   |
> 
> #### Nps Widget Shown
> 
> | Property Name     | Description              |
> | ----------------- | ------------------------ |
> | `nps_widget_id`     | Id of the NPS widget     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion

| Property Name     | Description              |
| ----------------- | ------------------------ |
| `tour_id`          | Id of the tour           |
| `metadata`        | (For the `Tour Step` event) Object that contains `stepIndex` of the tour that was viewed, and `type` either "next" or "previous" telling whether the user moved forward or backwards | 
| `checklist_id`     | Id of the checklist      |
| `metadata`        | (For the `Checklist Step Completed` event) Object that contains `stepId` of the checklist that was completed | 
| `smart_tip_id`      | Id of the smart tip      |
| `announcement_id`  | Id of the announcement   |
| `nps_widget_id`     | Id of the NPS widget     |
```

> ## Adding Destinations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding destinations
```

Author: From template

> Now that your Source is set up, you can connect it with Destinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your Source is set up, you can connect it with Destinations.
```

> Log into your downstream tools and check to see that your events appear as expected, and that they contain all of the properties you expect. If your events and properties don’t appear, check the [Event Delivery](/docs/connections/event-delivery/) tool, and refer to the Destination docs for each tool for troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to your downstream tools and check to see that your events appear as expected, and that they contain all of the properties you expect. If your events and properties don’t appear, check the [Event Delivery](/docs/connections/event-delivery/) tool, and refer to the Destination docs for each tool for troubleshooting.
```
